# c-cpp-project-template

> This repository is a template structure for small projects using C or C++. Here we create some folders commonly found in C/C++ projects. Following there's a list describing their roles.

## Files and directories

- Makefile: That's the most important file in the project, it automates the build of source files by using rules and sometimes an automated dependency generation. Normally it includes rules to clean the build process and prepare it to a new one;

- bin: In this folder binaries are placed, if more than one system is targeted you can use the system as a subfolder, e.g. bin/Linux;

- lib: Here libraries generated by this project are placed;

- include: Holds include files such as .h for C/C++ projects;

- docs: Has documents related to the project and git related processes, they can contain issue and pull requests templates;

- man: The traditional Linux manual pages, contains instructions about how to use the software and some details about its internal workings;

- src: Contains source files, if the project is modularized subfolders should be used, for example src/mod1;

- obj: Temporary folder to store object files created by the compilation process, normally cleansed by the clean makefile target.

- LICENSE: Speaks by itself; &

- build: Build information;

- version: Holds the current version of the software, sometimes named release;

- README: This file.

## Current work

- Creating version information.

## To-do

There are lots of things to do, the ones in my mind now are listed below.

- Implement automatic dependency generation.

## Meta

Created by: Brian Mayer - bleemayer@gmail.com	
Inital commit: Apr, 21, 2018
Distributed under the Unlicense. See ``LICENSE`` for more information.

## Contributing

Check the *contributing* file for details, but, in advance, it is pretty intuitive and straightforward.

